index lifecycle guide added (#457)
opensearch-project/opensearch-java: guides/index_lifecycle.md

# Index Lifecycle

> This guide covers OpenSearch Java Client API actions for Index Lifecycle. You'll learn how to create, read, update, and delete indices in your OpenSearch cluster. We will also leverage index templates to create default settings and mappings for indices of certain patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers OpenSearch Java Client API actions for Index Lifecycle. You'll learn how to create, update, and delete indices in your OpenSearch cluster as well as got to index, search and delete the data within the index.
```

Reviewer: There is no index template in the guide.

Author: According to the description of the [issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-java/issues/428) Java guide similar to ruby [guide](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-ruby/blob/main/guides/index_lifecycle.md) has to be made, and in this ruby guide there were only crud operations.
If template needs to be added in the guide please help me with some proper documentation meanwhile i followed this [doc](https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/clients/java/) for creating this guide.

To start the cluster, run the following command:

```bash
cd /path/to/docker-compose.yml
docker-compose up -d
```

## IndexData Class
We will be using IndexData class which is a simple java class that stores data and methods

```java
  static class IndexData {
    private String firstName;
    private String lastName;

    public IndexData() {
    }

    public IndexData(String firstName, String lastName) {
      this.firstName = firstName;
      this.lastName = lastName;
    }

    public String getFirstName() {
      return firstName;
    }

    public void setFirstName(String firstName) {
      this.firstName = firstName;
    }

    public String getLastName() {
      return lastName;
    }

    public void setLastName(String lastName) {
      this.lastName = lastName;
    }

    @Override
    public String toString() {
      return String.format("IndexData{first name='%s', last name='%s'}", firstName, lastName);
    }
  }

```

## Index Api Actions

### Create a client using RestClientTransport

Let's create a client instance to access this cluster:

> This code example uses basic credentials that come with the default OpenSearch configuration.If you’re using the Java client with your own OpenSearch cluster, be sure to change the code so that it uses your own credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This code example uses basic credentials that come with the default OpenSearch configuration. If you’re using the Java client with your own OpenSearch cluster, be sure to change the code so that it uses your own credentials.
```

```java

> final CredentialsProvider credentialsProvider = new BasicCredentialsProvider();

Reviewer: @govegito this snippet it not valid for `main` branch since it should be using Apache HttpClient 5 APIs, I think the best option is to retarget the pull request to `2.x` branch and than have another pull request for main.

Author: Understood, retargeting it to 2.x branch.

        public HttpAsyncClientBuilder customizeHttpClient(HttpAsyncClientBuilder httpClientBuilder) {
        return httpClientBuilder.setDefaultCredentialsProvider(credentialsProvider);
        }
      }).build();
    Transport transport = new RestClientTransport(restClient, new JacksonJsonpMapper());
    OpenSearchClient client = new OpenSearchClient(transport);
```

### Creating the index
You can create an index with default settings using the following code:

```java
  String index = "demo-index";
  CreateIndexRequest createIndexRequest = new CreateIndexRequest.Builder().index(index).build();
  client.indices().create(createIndexRequest);
```

### Updating settings for the index
 You can update an index's settings by using the client.indices.putSettings()

```java
  IndexSettings indexSettings = new IndexSettings.Builder().autoExpandReplicas("0-all").build();
  IndexSettings settingsBody = new IndexSettings.Builder().settings(indexSettings).build();
  PutIndicesSettingsRequest putSettingsRequest = new PutIndicesSettingsRequest.Builder().index(index).settings(settingsBody).build();
  client.indices().putSettings(putSettingsRequest);
```

### Indexing some data 

> You can index into OpenSearch cluster by using client.index()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can index new data into OpenSearch cluster by using client.index()
```

```java
  IndexData indexData = new IndexData("Bruce", "Banner");
  IndexRequest<IndexData> indexRequest = new IndexRequest.Builder<IndexData>().index(index).id("1").document(indexData).build();
  client.index(indexRequest);
```

> ### Searching document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Searching documents
```

Author: Done

> let's search for the index we have just created with client.search()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's search for the index we have just created with client.search()
```

```java
  SearchResponse<IndexData> searchResponse = client.search(s -> s.index(index), IndexData.class);
  for (int i = 0; i< searchResponse.hits().hits().size(); i++) {
      System.out.println(searchResponse.hits().hits().get(i).source());
  }
```

### Delete the document

> let's delete the document with client.delete()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's delete the document with client.delete()
```

```java
  client.delete(b -> b.index(index).id("1"));
```

### Deleting the index

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The existing index could be deleted using Indices APIs, all documents stored inside the index are going to be deleted as well.
```
